Update short descriptions of sample apps (#132)
miroapp/app-examples: examples/wordle/README.md

This sample app shows you how to build the famous Wordle game in Miro. \
The game opens the Library panel allowing you to start a new game and enter your guesses. \

> The game will create sticky notes and color them the same way Wordle does it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The game creates sticky notes and colors them the same way Wordle does it.
```
